* [Airtable](https://airtable.com/appJxoYhsNja2FfjK/shrcRVLWezjaT63bP/tblzTEiSlQuwPFXec/viwaJSwgDyFgyNA5G/recPx82mtzBkyEkGa?blocks=hide)
* [game\_pkmnsnfrn Script Handbook](https//docs.google.com/document/d/13TI3Jn3Cq8alPdOI0IBzDoryKTw1xP8dA4kpbc6Y5eg/edit?usp=drivesdk)

# Unique Content

## States

### Quest Inactive State

`questmenu(QUEST_MENU_CHECK_INACTIVE,QUEST_NAME)` \== `TRUE`

### Quest Reward State

`questmenu(QUEST_MENU_CHECK_REWARD,QUEST_NAME)` \== `TRUE`

### Quest Complete

`questmenu(QUEST_MENU_CHECK_COMPLETE,QUEST_NAME)` \== `TRUE`

### Has Talked Baiya
`VAR_STORYLINE_STATE` \<= `STORY_POST_BATTLE_BAIYA_ZENZUISLAND`

### Needs Red Scale
Player does not have any of the following in their inventory:
* `ITEM_RED_SCALE`
* `ITEM_BLUE_SKY_MAIL`
* `ITEM_TEA`
* `ITEM_EGG_TICKET`
* `ITEM_BOTTLE_CAP`

### In False Timeline
`FLAG_TIMELINE_FALSE` == `TRUE`.

### Has Given Red Scale
`FLAG_QUEST_RESTORE_ESPULEE_TRADE_1` == `TRUE`

### Has Given Blue Sky Mail
`FLAG_QUEST_RESTORE_ESPULEE_TRADE_2` == `TRUE`

### Has Given Tea
`FLAG_QUEST_RESTORE_ESPULEE_TRADE_3` == `TRUE`

### Has Given Egg Ticket
`FLAG_QUEST_RESTORE_ESPULEE_TRADE_4` == `TRUE`

### Has Given Odd Egg
`FLAG_QUEST_RESTORE_ESPULEE_TRADE_5` == `TRUE`

### Has Given Bottle Cap
`FLAG_QUEST_RESTORE_ESPULEE_TRADE_6` == `TRUE`

## Items
## [`ITEM_RED_SCALE`](https://airtable.com/appJxoYhsNja2FfjK/shrcRVLWezjaT63bP/tblzTEiSlQuwPFXec/viw6wvVrzzEBV6NUs/recPx82mtzBkyEkGa?blocks=hide)
## [`ITEM_BLUE_SKY_MAIL`](https://airtable.com/appJxoYhsNja2FfjK/shrcRVLWezjaT63bP/tblzTEiSlQuwPFXec/viw6wvVrzzEBV6NUs/recPx82mtzBkyEkGa?blocks=hide)
## [`ITEM_TEA`](https://airtable.com/appJxoYhsNja2FfjK/shrcRVLWezjaT63bP/tblzTEiSlQuwPFXec/viw6wvVrzzEBV6NUs/recPx82mtzBkyEkGa?blocks=hide)
## [`ITEM_EGG_TICKET`](https://airtable.com/appJxoYhsNja2FfjK/shrcRVLWezjaT63bP/tblzTEiSlQuwPFXec/viw6wvVrzzEBV6NUs/recPx82mtzBkyEkGa?blocks=hide)

These are Key Items that are only used to give and trade to NPCs for `QUEST_RESTOREESPULEEGYM`.

## [`ITEM_BOTTLE_CAP`](https://airtable.com/appJxoYhsNja2FfjK/shrcRVLWezjaT63bP/tblzTEiSlQuwPFXec/viw6wvVrzzEBV6NUs/recPx82mtzBkyEkGa?blocks=hide)

This is a Treasure item that is used to give to an NPC in order to evolve a Stantler that knows Psyshield Bash into Wyrdeer.

## Variables / Flags

### `FLAG_QUEST_RESTORE_ESPULEE_TRADE_1`
### `FLAG_QUEST_RESTORE_ESPULEE_TRADE_2`
### `FLAG_QUEST_RESTORE_ESPULEE_TRADE_3`
### `FLAG_QUEST_RESTORE_ESPULEE_TRADE_4`
### `FLAG_QUEST_RESTORE_ESPULEE_TRADE_5`
### `FLAG_QUEST_RESTORE_ESPULEE_TRADE_6`

These flags are used to signifiy if the Player has engaged with the Player in this trade before.

## Functions

### `EvolveStantler`
Triggers the evolution scene for the Stantler that was designated by the Player and evolves it into Wrydeer. This cannot be cancelled using the `B_BUTTON`.

### `GenerateOddEgg`
Flip a coin and generate an Egg matching the side that was flipped.

#### Both
Species: Randomly chosen between Togepi, Tyrouge, Shoomchum, Magby, Happiny, and Mantyke
https://airtable.com/appJxoYhsNja2FfjK/shrGIPU8iuVKeHvfL
Gender: Female unless species is always Male (Tyrouge)
##### IVs
**HP:** Random

#### Heads
##### IVs
**Attack:** 2
**Defense:** 10
**Special Attack:** 10
**Special Defense:** 10
**Speed:** 10
Shiny: No

#### Tails
##### IVs
**Attack:** 0
**Defense:** 0
**Special Attack:** 0
**Special Defense:** 0
**Speed:** 0
Shiny: Yes

### `CheckOddEgg`
Return `FALSE` if the generated Mon does not match one of Egg to be generated by `GenerateOddEgg`.

# Involved Instances

## [Imelda](https://airtable.com/appJxoYhsNja2FfjK/shrcRVLWezjaT63bP/tblzTEiSlQuwPFXec/viwaJSwgDyFgyNA5G/recPx82mtzBkyEkGa?blocks=hide)
* Imelda is not visible when Quest Complete or In False Timeline.
* Imelda is standing in front of the Espulee Gym, facing South, after Has Talked Baiya. 
* Imelda is otherwise wandering around in Espulee Outskirts.

## [EspueleetradepersonA](https://airtable.com/appJxoYhsNja2FfjK/shrcRVLWezjaT63bP/tblzTEiSlQuwPFXec/viw6wvVrzzEBV6NUs/recPx82mtzBkyEkGa?blocks=hide)
* EspueleetradepersonA is facing east, the water.
* EspueleetradepersonA is always visible.

## [EspueleetradepersonB](https://airtable.com/appJxoYhsNja2FfjK/shrcRVLWezjaT63bP/tblzTEiSlQuwPFXec/viw6wvVrzzEBV6NUs/recPx82mtzBkyEkGa?blocks=hide)
* EspueleetradepersonB is facing west, sitting at a table.
* EspueleetradepersonB is always visible.

## [EspueleetradepersonC](https://airtable.com/appJxoYhsNja2FfjK/shrcRVLWezjaT63bP/tblzTEiSlQuwPFXec/viw6wvVrzzEBV6NUs/recPx82mtzBkyEkGa?blocks=hide)
* EspueleetradepersonC is facing east, sitting at a table.
* EspueleetradepersonC is always visible.

## [EspueleetradepersonD](https://airtable.com/appJxoYhsNja2FfjK/shrcRVLWezjaT63bP/tblzTEiSlQuwPFXec/viw6wvVrzzEBV6NUs/recPx82mtzBkyEkGa?blocks=hide)
* EspueleetradepersonD is facing west, sitting at a table.
* EspueleetradepersonD is always visible.

## [EspueleetradepersonE](https://airtable.com/appJxoYhsNja2FfjK/shrcRVLWezjaT63bP/tblzTEiSlQuwPFXec/viw6wvVrzzEBV6NUs/recPx82mtzBkyEkGa?blocks=hide)
* EspueleetradepersonE is facing east, looking at the tree line. 
* EspueleetradepersonE is always visible.

## [EspueleetradepersonF](https://airtable.com/appJxoYhsNja2FfjK/shrcRVLWezjaT63bP/tblzTEiSlQuwPFXec/viw6wvVrzzEBV6NUs/recPx82mtzBkyEkGa?blocks=hide)
* EspueleetradepersonF is facing north, facing a Wyrdeer.
* EspueleetradepersonF is always visible.

## [Wyrdeerpe)t](https://airtable.com/appJxoYhsNja2FfjK/shrcRVLWezjaT63bP/tblzTEiSlQuwPFXec/viw6wvVrzzEBV6NUs/recPx82mtzBkyEkGa?blocks=hide)
* Wyrdeerpet is facing south, facing EspueleetradepersonF.
* EspueleetradepersonF is always visible.

# Scenes

## `QUEST_MENU`

### Quest is Active

* Take the Red Scale and return with a Wyrdeer

### Quest is Complete

* Player gave Imelda their Wyrdeer, and the Epspulee Swap Meet is in business

## `BUZZR`

### Quest Reward

* Random says they saw Imelda getting ready to battle is Espulee Outskirts, is excited to see if something is happening

### Quest Complete

* Baiya encourages Trainers to check out Espulee's Swap Meet as a great place to leaevel up
* Imelda says the Espulee Antique Shop has been reborn and wants people to check out the Espulee Swap Meet

## `MAP_ESPULEE_OUTSKIRTS`

### Interact with Imelda And Has Not Talked Baiya
* Imelda misses having an antique shop around Espulee Outskirts
* Imelda remarks that everything they touched had a story, a purpose, and she loved watching people tell their stories and histories through their items
* Imelda thinks wistfully about a time gone by

### Interact with Imelda And Has Talked Baiya And Bag Does Not Have Space
* Imelda guesses that the Player is Baiya's friend
* Imelda tells the Player to come back with some space in their bag for something important

### Interact with Imelda And Has Talked Baiya And Bag Has Space
* Imelda greets Player and noted that Baiya said they'd be coming
* Player saying they're helping Baiya get their project together
* Imelda introduces themselves as the Leader of the Espulee Outskirts Gym and the owner of the Antique Shop, but quickly says that it doesn't matter right now
* Imelda confirms that they were serious about what they said to Baiya - they're somewhat willing to help, but doesn't want in unless there's a clear plan to go back to the Resido League pre-acquistion
* Player admits that this wasn't part of the plan - Baiya and Player want to make change and improvements in the current system
* Imelda argues that building on top of Sharp Rise's stuff isn't actually making progress
* Player asks why Imelda wouldn't want to start helping as soon as possible
* Player says Baiya has a plan to help Trainers today
* Player knows they'll make it happen with or without Imelda, but it would mean a lot if Imelda helped too
Imelda faces away from the Player and the Gym.
* Imelda remarks that there's a Battle Facility overseas with a similar philosophy
* Imelda explains that the Facility takes a Trainer's Pokémon and gives Trainers an entirely new set, and claims they have to battle and trade their way back into a championship level team
* Imelda has always been a fan of the concept and says it could be exciting to try something new
    If `QUEST_IMPROV_BATTLING` is NOT Inactive:
    * Player retorts that the improv Trainers in Petarosa operate similarily and seem to have some success
    * Imelda is aware of them, but says its one thing to run a small community theater, and another thing entirely to do what Baiya is trying to pull off
Imelda turns back towards the Player.
* Imelda still isn't convinced that they have a place in this new world
* Imelda isn't going to let go of her roots, but wants to see if those roots even have a place in the current climate
* Imelda instructs the Player that they want to bring them the Pokémon Wyrdeer
Imelda gestures towards Player.
Player recieves `ITEM_RED_SCALE`.
* Imelda explains that Red Scales used to be conisdered rare, but now that Shiny Pokémon are better understood, they're easy to come by
* Imelda tells Player to use that Red Scale to come back with a Wyrdeer
Quest Starts.
* Player clarifies that any other Wyrdeer will do
* Imelda
* Imelda says that Resido used to be place where Trainers could turn nothing into something - if that's still true, this should be easy

### Interact with Imelda and Quest Active Does Not Need Red Scale
* Imelda tells Player to use that Red Scale to come back with a Wyrdeer
* Imelda says that Resido used to be place where Trainers could turn nothing into something - if that's still true, this should be easy

### Interact with Imelda and Quest Active And Needs Red Scale And Does Not Have Bag Space
* Imelda asks if Player needs another Red Scale
* Imelda says its fine - they're easy to come by
* Imelda instructs Player to come back with space in their bag for something important

### Interact with Imelda and Quest Active And Needs Red Scale And Does Have Bag Space
* Imelda asks if Player needs another Red Scale
* Imelda says its fine - they're easy to come by
Imelda gestures towards Player.
Player recieves `ITEM_RED_SCALE`.

### Intreact with Imelda and Quest Active And Has Wyrdeer And No Other Healthy Mons
* Imelda is impressed with the Player's exploits, but wants the Wyrdeer for themselves
* Imelda tells Player to come back when they have more than just Wyrdeer

### Interact with Imelda and Quest Active And Has Wrydeer And Other Healthy Mons
* Imelda asks if the Player managed to complete the trades and get a Wyrdeer
Run `ChoosePartyMon`.

### Player Selects Stantler
* Imelda laughs and tells the Player nice try

### Player Selects Stantler That Knows Psyshield Bash
* Imelda thinks for a moment and says you're close, but the ancient Agile Style has been lost to time...
 
### Player Selects Non-Stantler / Non-Wyrdeer
* Imelda says this Mon isn't right

### Player Selects Wyrdeer
* Imelda is impressed with the Player's exploits, but wants the Wyrdeer for themselves
* Imelda asks if they can take {NICKNAME} forever

### Player Says No / Player Cancels Selection
* Imelda tells Player to come back when the time is right

### Player Says Yes
Quest Reward.
Player loses Wyrdeer.
Player gestures to Imelda
* Imelda did not think the Player would be able to pull enough for a few reasons
* Imelda truly didn't think the region would support a world where this is possible, but
* Imelda have been all but extinct for years
* Imelda claims that they haven't been doing nothing while Player gone 
* Imelda has been making a few calls to their old network 
* Imelda is surprised to hear how receptive everybody has been
* Imelda between that and Player's trading powess, thinks that the Espulee Gym might have new life as the Espulee Swap Meet
* Imelda won't be 100% sure until they can finally test themselves against the Player
* Imelda tells the Player to come back when they're ready for a battle

### Interact with Imelda and Quest Reward
* Imelda confirms that Player is the Champion
* Imelda claims in the old Resido League, all the Champions had to go through Imelda
Player battles Imelda

### Player loses to Imelda
* Imelda says it feels like the good ol' days

### Player defeats Imelda
* Imelda admits the new generation isn't so bad after all

### After Battle
** NOTE FOR FUDJ**
_I wrote this dialogue for an earlier version of the quest. Please update and alter it to match whatever was previously written._

* Imelda (shock): Man, if Trainers see you backing this and people already know how strong you are... we've got a shot at real legitimacy.  
* Player (sweat): I think you're giving me too much credit\! Believe it or not, Sharp Rise’s Kickstart program was a huge part of the reason I was able to hone my skills this much.  
* Imelda: And I can't wait to turn that power against those Sharp Rise goons. They're gonna collapse under their own weight, and then we can reinstate all the old gyms and go back to when times were good and I was running this joint\!  
* Player (confused): Is that your goal? Just go back to the past?  
* Imelda: Yeah\! Things were so much better before.  
* Player: Imelda, you can't go back to the past. You've gotta stick to the reality we've got right now. I think what you're going to do here is going to make a real difference for Trainers, and that's awesome. But if you want the Trainers of the region to be the best they can be, I think we need to figure out a path forward... in the present. That's what Baiya and I want to do.  
* Imelda (angry): You don't get it, PLAYER, you weren't here before.  
* Player: I wasn't here, but I'm here now. And while I'm new, I'm really starting to love it here and I want to help Trainers, and help people, just like you do. And we can do that, moving forward.  
* Imelda: Your heart feels like it's in the right place. I gotta get back to work. Let's at least get this test off the ground.
Quest complete.
Gym doors open.
Imelda steps one metatile north.
Play `SE_EXIT`.
Imelda is removed from the map.

## `MAP_WISHAAST_LAKE`
//PSF TODO Change this to a body of water where Gyarados spawn

### Interact with EspueleetradepersonA And Has Never Given Red Scale And Does Not Have Red Scale
* EspueleetradepersonA says they're not a Trainer but they're hoping to cross paths with a Shiny Gyarados
* EspueleetradepersonA doesn't care about the Pokémon, but thinks their Red Scales are absolutely stunning
* EspueleetradepersonA wants to collect them and asks Player to bring them if the Player comes across one

### Interact with EspueleetradepersonA And Has Never Given Red Scale And Has Red Scale
* EspueleetradepersonA recognizes the light bouncing off the Red Scale in the Player's Bag
* EspueleetradepersonA wants to know if they can have Player's Red Scale

### Player Answers Yes
`FLAG_QUEST_RESTORE_ESPULEE_TRADE_1` is set.
Player gestures towards EspueleetradepersonA.
Player loses `ITEM_RED_SCALE`.
If Quest Active, `SUB_QUEST_1` is complete.
* EspueleetradepersonA thanks the Player so much
* EspueleetradepersonA says that their partner works in stationery - hopes the Trainer can find a use for it.
EspueleetradepersonA gestures towards Player.
Player recieves `ITEM_BLUE_SKY_MAIL`.

### Player Answers No
* EspueleetradepersonA is sad but understands - they'd want to keep the Red Scale for themselves

### Interact with EspueleetradepersonA And Has Given Red Scale Before And Does Not Have Red Scale
* EspueleetradepersonA isn't going to stop at one Red Scale - tells the Player to bring more if they find more

### Interact with EspueleetradepersonA And Has Given Red Scale Before And Does Have Red Scale
* EspueleetradepersonA asks if the Player is ready for another trade - one Red Scale for their Blue Sky Mail

### Player Answers Yes
Player gestures towards EspueleetradepersonA.
Player loses `ITEM_RED_SCALE`.
If Quest Active, `SUB_QUEST_1` is complete.
EspueleetradepersonA gestures towards Player.
Player recieves `ITEM_BLUE_SKY_MAIL`.
* EspueleetradepersonA is excited to add another to the collection - somehow this scale is more beautiful than the last

### Player Answers No
* EspueleetradepersonA should be happy with the one they have

## `MAP_QIU_VILLAGE`

//PSF TODO need to put this bitch in a house

### Interact with EspueleetradepersonB And Has Never Given Blue Sky Mail And Does Not Have Blue Sky Mail
* EspueleetradepersonB says that back in the day, Trainers used to give Mail to their Pokémon to hold
* EspueleetradepersonB said the Mail held messages for the other Trainer
* EspueleetradepersonB said its a feature from an era where communication platforms weren't so readily available
* EspueleetradepersonB explains Mail has falled out of favor in modern times, but they still like collecting stationery for journaling
* EspueleetradepersonB tells Player they'd be interested in any interseting stationery that they come across

### Interact with EspueleetradepersonB And Has Never Given Blue Sky Mail And Has Blue Sky Mail
* EspueleetradepersonB asks if Player has any interesting Mail
* Player mentions they have something called Blue Sky Mail
* EspueleetradepersonB hasn't heard of it and says it must be super old
* EspueleetradepersonB asks if Player is willing to part with it

### Player Answers Yes
`FLAG_QUEST_RESTORE_ESPULEE_TRADE_2` is set.
Player gestures towards EspueleetradepersonB.
Player loses `ITEM_BLUE_SKY_MAIL`.
If Quest Active, `SUB_QUEST_2` is complete.
* EspueleetradepersonB remarks that the mail is so pretty, what a vibrant shade of blue
EspueleetradepersonB gestures towards Player.
Player recieves `ITEM_TEA`.
* EspueleetradepersonB has some freshly brewed tea, hopefully the player enjoys

### Player Answers No
* EspueleetradepersonB understands, but if Player changes their mind, they'll be here

### Interact with EspueleetradepersonB And Has Given Blue Sky Mail Before And Does Not Have Blue Sky Mail
* EspueleetradepersonB says they're always brewing more tea
* EspueleetradepersonB would be happy to trade for another Blue Sky Mail

### Interact with EspueleetradepersonB And Has Given Blue Sky Mail Before And Does Have Blue Sky Mail
* EspueleetradepersonB says the Player's timing is perfect, they just finished another pot of Tea
* EspueleetradepersonB asks to trade another cup of tea for Blue Sky Mail

### Player Answers Yes
Player gestures towards EspueleetradepersonB.
Player loses `ITEM_BLUE_SKY_MAIL`.
If Quest Active, `SUB_QUEST_2` is complete.
* EspueleetradepersonB
EspueleetradepersonB gestures towards Player.
Player recieves `ITEM_TEA`.

### Player Answers No
* EspueleetradepersonB asks if the Player didn't like the tea

## `MAP_HODOU_CITY`
//PSF TODO need to put this bitch in a house

### Interact with EspueleetradepersonC And Has Never Given Tea And Does Not Have Tea
* EspueleetradepersonC says they're parched
* EspueleetradepersonC corrects themselves and says parched isn't the word - they could get some Fresh Water or Soda Pop, but they want something homemade

### Interact with EspueleetradepersonC And Has Never Given Tea And Has Tea
* EspueleetradepersonC smells something heavenly from Player's Bag
* EspueleetradepersonC asks if that's Tea, and if they can have it
* EspueleetradepersonC notices that Player is a Trainer and has something worth it for them

### Player Answers Yes
`FLAG_QUEST_RESTORE_ESPULEE_TRADE_3` is set.
Player gestures towards EspueleetradepersonC.
Player loses `ITEM_TEA`.
If Quest Active, `SUB_QUEST_3` is complete.
* EspueleetradepersonC used to work for Chasilla's Breeding Center and still has  a ton of these leftover
EspueleetradepersonC gestures towards Player.
Player recieves `ITEM_EGG_TICKET`.

### Player Answers No
* EspueleetradepersonC whines and says that it smells so good

### Interact with EspueleetradepersonC And Has Given Tea Before And Does Not Have Tea
* EspueleetradepersonC says this Tea is delcious
* EspueleetradepersonC is happy to give out more Egg Tickets, tells Player to come back with more Tea

### Interact with EspueleetradepersonC And Has Given Tea Before And Does Have Tea
* EspueleetradepersonC knows that scent anywhere
* EspueleetradepersonC asks if that's Tea, and if they can have it

### Player Answers Yes
Player gestures towards EspueleetradepersonC.
Player loses `ITEM_TEA`.
If Quest Active, `SUB_QUEST_3` is complete.
EspueleetradepersonC gestures towards Player.
Player recieves `ITEM_EGG_TICKET`.
* EspueleetradepersonC says the trade is welcome anytime

### Player Answers No
* EspueleetradepersonC hasn't stopped thinking about that tea since Player last brought it

## `MAP_CHASILLA_BREEDING`

### Interact with EspueleetradepersonD And Has Not Given First Egg
* EspueleetradepersonD says that lots of Trainers opt not to take some Eggs after realizing they're "breedjects"
* EspueleetradepersonD says this makes them sad and wishes they all had good homes, would rather call them Odd Eggs
* EspueleetradepersonD can sense Player has a good heart, ask if Player would adopt an Odd Egg

### Player Answers No
* EspueleetradepersonD understands, says its a big responsibility

### Player Answers Yes And Does Not Have Space
* EspueleetradepersonD realizes Player doesn't have any room for a new Pokémon, tells them to come back later

### Player Answers Yes And Has Space
* EspueleetradepersonD celebrates and is happy to see this Odd Egg go to a new home
EspueleetradepersonD gestures towards Player.
Run `GenerateOddEgg`.
Player recieves Egg.

### Interact with EspueleetradepersonD And Has Never Given Egg Ticket And Does Not Have Egg Ticket
* EspueleetradepersonD says the Daycare used to have a program where Trainers in under-served communities could take home Odd Eggs in exchange for an Egg Ticket
* EspueleetradepersonD says they haven't seen an Egg Ticket in a long time, things they're out of circulation due to Sharprise

### Interact with EspueleetradepersonD And Has Never Given Egg Ticket And Has Egg Ticket
* EspueleetradepersonD exclaims that Player has an Egg Ticket
* EspueleetradepersonD asks if the Player wants to adopt another Odd Egg

### Player Answer Yes And Does Not Have Space
* EspueleetradepersonD realizes Player doesn't have any room for a new Pokémon, tells them to come back later

### Player Answers Yes
`FLAG_QUEST_RESTORE_ESPULEE_TRADE_4` is set.
Player gestures towards EspueleetradepersonD.
Player loses `ITEM_EGG_TICKET`.
If Quest Active, `SUB_QUEST_4` is complete.
* EspueleetradepersonD celebrates and is happy to see this Odd Egg go to a new home
EspueleetradepersonD gestures towards Player.
Run `GenerateOddEgg`.
Player recieves Egg.

### Player Answers No
* EspueleetradepersonD is confused, the Egg Tickets don't have any other purpose

### Interact with EspueleetradepersonD And Has Given Egg Ticket Before And Does Not Have Egg Ticket
* EspueleetradepersonD tells Player that if they manage to get more Egg Tickets, they've got plenty of Odd Eggs for them

### Interact with EspueleetradepersonD And Has Given Egg Ticket Before And Does Have Egg Ticket 
* EspueleetradepersonD

### Player Answer Yes And Does Not Have Space
* EspueleetradepersonD realizes Player doesn't have any room for a new Pokémon, tells them to come back later

### Player Answers Yes
Player gestures towards EspueleetradepersonD.
Player loses `ITEM_EGG_TICKET`.
If Quest Active, `SUB_QUEST_4` is complete.
* EspueleetradepersonD celebrates and is happy to see this Odd Egg go to a new home
EspueleetradepersonD gestures towards Player.
Run `GenerateOddEgg`.
Player recieves Egg.

### Player Answers No
* EspueleetradepersonD is confused, the Egg Tickets don't have any other purpose

## `MAP_CURENO_PORT`

### Interact with EspueleetradepersonE And Has Never Given Odd Egg
* EspueleetradepersonE loves baby Pokémon that aren't very strong
* EspueleetradepersonE wants to hatch a Shiny one but can't afford to use the Chasilla Breeding services at all
* EspueleetradepersonE heard a rumor that the Odd Eggs from Chasilla are lucky and wants to hatch more of those
* EspueleetradepersonE asks if the Player has an Odd Egg from Chasilla

### Player Answers No
* EspueleetradepersonE says don't hatch it if they get one - bring it straight here

### Player Answers Yes But Does Not Have Bag Space
* EspueleetradepersonE says they'll give Player something that could help power up certain Pokémon in exchange for an Odd Egg

### Player Answers Yes And Has Bag Space
Run `ChoosePartyMon`.
Run `CheckOddEgg`.

### Player Selects Non-Egg
* EspueleetradepersonE exclaims that this is not an Egg

### Player Selects Egg That Isn't Odd
* EspueleetradepersonE stares at the Egg for a long time
* EspueleetradepersonE exclaims this Egg might be from Chasilla, but its not an Odd Egg

### Player Selects Odd Egg
* EspueleetradepersonE sqeuals with delight says this is the one
* EspueleetradepersonE asks Player if they can have it

### Player Answers No / Player Cancels
* EspueleetradepersonE says come back later when they have an Odd Egg they're ready to part with

### Player Answers Yes
`FLAG_QUEST_RESTORE_ESPULEE_TRADE_5` is set.
Player gestures towards EspueleetradepersonE.
Player loses Odd Egg.
If Quest Active, `SUB_QUEST_5` is complete.
* EspueleetradepersonE can't wait to hatch this lil guy
EspueleetradepersonE gestures towards Player.
Player recieves `ITEM_BOTTLE_CAP`.
* EspueleetradepersonE explains there is a Researcher in Halerba City who will help make certain Pokemon stronger if you bring a Bottle Cap
* EspueleetradepersonE doesn't know they details because they don't care about strength
* EspueleetradepersonE just wants cute lil guys

### Interact with EspueleetradepersonE And Has Given Odd Egg
* EspueleetradepersonE exclaims they'll happily take more Odd Eggs if the Player has them

### Player Answers No
* EspueleetradepersonE says don't hatch it if they get one - bring it straight here
* EspueleetradepersonE hopes that one day, more people will be able to use the breeding services from Chasilla

### Player Answers Yes But Does Not Have Bag Space
* EspueleetradepersonE will give them another Bottle Cap for an Odd Egg
* EspueleetradepersonE tells Player to make room for another Bottle Cap

### Player Answers Yes And Has Bag Space
Run `ChoosePartyMon`.
Run `CheckOddEgg`.

### Player Selects Non-Egg
* EspueleetradepersonE exclaims that this is not an Egg

### Player Selects Egg That Isn't Odd
* EspueleetradepersonE stares at the Egg for a long time
* EspueleetradepersonE exclaims this Egg might be from Chasilla, but its not an Odd Egg

### Player Selects Odd Egg
* EspueleetradepersonE sqeuals with delight says this is the one
* EspueleetradepersonE asks Player if they can have it

### Player Answers No / Player Cancels
* EspueleetradepersonE says come back later when they have an Odd Egg they're ready to part with
* EspueleetradepersonE hopes that one day, more people will be able to use the breeding services from Chasilla

### Player Answers Yes
Player gestures towards EspueleetradepersonE.
Player loses Odd Egg.
If Quest Active, `SUB_QUEST_5` is complete.
* EspueleetradepersonE can't wait to see what this hatches into
EspueleetradepersonE gestures towards Player.
Player recieves `ITEM_BOTTLE_CAP`.

### Interact with EspueleetradepersonE And Has Given Odd Egg And Quest Reward or Quest Complete
* EspueleetradepersonE says they finally got a Shiny Magby from an Odd Egg!
* EspueleetradepersonF loves how cute it is...

## `MAP_HALERBA_CITY`

### Interact with Wyrdeerpet
* Wyrdeerpet cries

### Interact with EspueleetradepersonF And Has Never Given Bottle Cap And Does Not Have Bottle Cap
* EspueleetradepersonF explains that in ancient Sinnoh, Stantler had to be trainedin a very specific way in order to evolve into Wyrdeer
* EspueleetradepersonF says when the people who knew this training art died off, the Pokémon lost the Ability to evolve
* EspueleetradepersonF says that changes today - they have been able to mimic the most useful parts of that training and can get any Stantler that knows the move Psyshield Bash to evolve into Wyrdeer.
* EspueleetradepersonF tells Player to come back with a Bottle Cap if they want to use their services

### Interact with EspueleetradepersonF And Has Never Given Bottle Cap And Has Bottle Cap
* EspueleetradepersonF explains that in ancient Sinnoh, Stantler had to be trainedin a very specific way in order to evolve into Wyrdeer
* EspueleetradepersonF says when the people who knew this training art died off, the Pokémon lost the Ability to evolve
* EspueleetradepersonF says that changes today - they have been able to mimic the most useful parts of that training and can get any Stantler that knows the move Psyshield Bash to evolve into Wyrdeer.
* EspueleetradepersonF asks if the Player is here to evolve a Stantler

### Player Answers No
* EspueleetradepersonF got excited for a minute, though they were adding another Bottle Cap to their collection

### Player Answers Yes
Run `ChoosePartyMon`.

### Player Selects Stantler That Doesn't Know Psyshield Bash
* EspueleetradepersonF says that only Stantler that know the move Psyshield Bash can evolve into Wyrdeer
* EspueleetradepersonF instructs to teach Stantler the move and then come back
 
### Player Selects Wyrdeer
* EspueleetradepersonF laughs and says they've already trained {NICKNAME}

### Player Selects Wrong Mon
* EspueleetradepersonF exclaims that this Pokémon isn't a Stantler

### Player Selects Stantler That Knows Psyshield Bash
Player gestures towards EspueleetradepersonF.
* EspueleetradepersonF exclaims now they will plant the Seed of Mastery in {NICKNAME}
Player loses `ITEM_BOTTLE_CAP`.
`FLAG_QUEST_RESTORE_ESPULEE_TRADE_6` is set.
If Quest Active, `SUB_QUEST_6` is complete.
Run `EvolveStantler`.
* EspueleetradepersonF tells the Player to come back if they have another Stantler to evolve

### Interact with EspueleetradepersonF And Has Given Bottle Cap And Does Not Have Bottle Cap
* EspueleetradepersonF welcomes Player back
* EspueleetradepersonF is still helping train Stantlers to evolve, tells Player to come back with a Bottle Cap

### Interact with EspueleetradepersonF And Has Given Bottle Cap And Has Bottle Cap
* EspueleetradepersonF asks if the Player is here to evolve a Stantler

### Player Answers No
* EspueleetradepersonF got excited for a minute, though they were adding another Bottle Cap to their collection

### Player Answers Yes
Run `ChoosePartyMon`.

### Player Selects Stantler That Doesn't Know Psyshield Bash
* EspueleetradepersonF says that only Stantler that know the move Psyshield Bash can evolve into Wyrdeer
* EspueleetradepersonF instructs to teach Stantler the move and then come back

### Player Selects Wyrdeer
* EspueleetradepersonF laughs and says they've already trained {NICKNAME}

### Player Selects Wrong Mon
* EspueleetradepersonF exclaims that this Pokémon isn't a Stantler

### Player Selects Stantler That Knows Psyshield Bash
Player gestures towards EspueleetradepersonF.
* EspueleetradepersonF exclaims now they will plant the Seed of Mastery in {NICKNAME}
Player loses `ITEM_BOTTLE_CAP`.
If Quest Active, `SUB_QUEST_6` is complete.
Run `EvolveStantler`.
* EspueleetradepersonF tells the Player to come back if they have another Stantler to evolve

### Interact with EspueleetradepersonF And Quest Reward or Quest Complete
* EspueleetradepersonF asks if the Player is here to evolve a Stantler

### Player Answers No
* EspueleetradepersonF says they're not even going to charge anymore

### Player Answers Yes
Run `ChoosePartyMon`.

### Player Selects Stantler That Doesn't Know Psyshield Bash
* EspueleetradepersonF says that the Player should know how this works by now - the Stantler needs to know Psyshield Bash

### Player Selects Wyrdeer
* EspueleetradepersonF laughs and says they've already trained {NICKNAME}

### Player Selects Wrong Mon
* EspueleetradepersonF exclaims that this Pokémon isn't a Stantler

### Player Selects Stantler That Knows Psyshield Bash
* EspueleetradepersonF exclaims now they will plant the Seed of Mastery in {NICKNAME}
Run `EvolveStantler`.
* EspueleetradepersonF has gotten bored of collecting Bottle Caps
* EspueleetradepersonF still wants to help Stantler reach their full potential
* EspueleetradepersonF says if the Player has a Stantler that knows Psyshield Bash, they'll help it evolve, free of charge

# Summary & Notes
After Baiya pitches the Gym Restoration Quests to the Player, Player visits Espulee Outskirts to speak to Imelda. Imelda likes the basis of Baiya's idea, but doesn't want to move forward until Baiya and Alicia have a concrete plan for dismantaling the new League. Alicia convinces Imelda that working in the now and doing some sort of harm reduction is better than doing nothing.

Imelda is okay with at least trying, and talks about her idea to help teach Trainers to deal with the hand they're given, referencing the Battle Factory, where Trainers do just that. Imelda gives the Player a Red Scale and tells them to trade up until they can come back with a Wyrdeer.

The Player must trade the Red Scale for several different items until they find somebody who will evolve a Stantler that knows Psyshield Bash. When the Player returns with a Wyrdeer, she is impressed and re-energized, and challenges the Player to a battle. Oncec the Player wins, the Quest is complete and the Espulee Gym is reborn as the Espulee Swap Meet (Battle Factory).

---

The player is able to access after finishing "[Let's Grab Lunch.](https://airtable.com/appJxoYhsNja2FfjK/shrcRVLWezjaT63bP/tbl0XF7TJc58WD4Bw/viwnITIE6FJVV13Gp/recJlJgvJ3Sy07JXa?blocks=hide)".
